Week 1

Created a team with George, Even, Ian and Song. Researched the project ideas, and was interested in the investment simulator and the realestate projects. 
To make a better decision, I researched visualisation libraries for the investment simulator, as that would be a vital part of our solution. 
I found notable packages, such as react-vis, chartjs and apex, and also ran some experiments with these packages locally.

Week 2

This week we discussed novel features and extensions that would distinguish our group from others doing investment simulator. 
We were looking at Gamifying the stock trading experience to both engage interested individuals and also create a familiar environment to reduce the percieved high skill barrier for entry.
I started the User flow diagrams by creating a figma account and project, and shared it with my fellow team members.
I also bootstrapped our website with basic react features like react-router and material-ui web toolkit, as well as an initial implementation of authentication through firebase, to ascertain whether it was viable for our final product. 
It was successful and really easy to use. I will do more research to see if it will work with a locally hosted API backend.

Week 3

This week was spent mostly on the wireframes. I worked together with song to create the overall design of the page, and the UI components on each individual page. 
Next we began creating storyboards which helped to solidify our design of our system and point out noticeable flaws with our user stories and designs. 
For example, because of our extension to implement short positions, our design for the portfolio page went through many iterations to include features for shorts. 
Ultimately, we finished the storyboards and help write up the Proposal. 

Week 4

This week I started proper implementation of our website. I worked on fleshing out the Market Page with a flexible grid layout, and implementing the Stock Details page's general layout including a graph
After implementing the graph, I realised that the lack of a grouping functionality in ApexCharts meant that it did not scale well when graphing anything larger than ~400 data points.
I instead began looking for another replacement, and did a second round of research into graphs. 
This time I found react-stockcharts - although it was not maintained for a few years, it was lightyears ahead of many other graphing libraries in terms of displaying stock graphs such as candlesticks, along with blazing performance thanks to a canvas implementation. 
However, because it was so old, I spent a whole day trying to get it to work (before realising that it can only be implemented as a class component, not as a functional component).
I properly finished off authentication with a better sign up page with 2 password fields, an Email Verification step after signup and a Properly integrated Forgot Password and Reset Password functionality. 
I added the Execute the Deal Logo and formalised the dark theme.
I Reorganised the front end layout or routes so that each class of pages had their own test. 
Spent a few hours debugging a jest issue to complete tests for StockDetails page.
Finally, I configured the tests to run before every commit and push. 

Week 5

Implement functional search bar over symbols inside Market page, and Dashboard page UI with mocked data
Properly connected first few APIs for live data from TwelveData for stocks to the market, portfolio and dashboard pages, and calling /user upon user registration
Most of this week was used to get the frontend and backend to work together.
Fixed bug with react-stockcharts for chrome, where scrolling in the graph did not prevent default scroll, added an eventListener on mouseover to disable scroll.

Week 6

Focussed on properly implementing the trade page, with full integration with backend API. 
This included getting the list of symbols, the latest stock price for selected symbol and getting user portfolio to calculate maximum trade limits (how much the user could buy / sell).
Also implemented other pages (Watchlist, Portfolio, Orders, Leaderboard, Support, and Profile page with sortable table)
Implemented UI for achievements page, and a trading hours indicator for market, stock details and trade page
Implemented Notifications with notistack, for better UI/UX, to show response after interacting with watchlist, portfolio and trades
Connected previously mocked Dashboard to backend API

Week 7

Fixed trade page with a textfield to populate limit order price.
Fixed trade page bug with allowing users to trade more than they could own, by calculating estimated stock price more accurately
Added documentation to a majority of the frontend code with jsdoc and PropTypes

Week 8

Many small visual fixes and bug fixes such as trade's order price not updating correctly and notifications duplicating
Fixed bug where sometimes authenticated requests are rejected as id token has expired
Implemented novel feature where live updated data is visually highlighted
Implemented cumulative graph for dashboard and user page.   

Week 9

Major front end changes were required this week, in an effort to improve frontend user experience and gamification.
Completely revamped tables to have a more compact layout with up to 3 pieces of data per table cell.
Fixed a myriad of small and minor bugs everywhere, from an issue with the appbar not working as intended to trade page allowing $0 limit Orders 
Revamped Dashboard Stat Cards with ColorText and fixed the calculation of statistics.
Cleaned up all the code for submission.