Week 1
It was planned for this week to decide on a project, form a team as well as selecting a SCRUM master. Both tasks completed without friction. The Jira site is also set up properly with all members added to it. In terms of technical progression,  I have researched into UI components in Reactjs to use for visualization as well as backend stock APIs and databases to use for the project. Some effort is also spent on redux and Mobx for frontend state management. The general architecture is also discussed, which we confirm that backend will be connected via python. For the next period, Github will be set up properly and tasks on the proposal will be assigned and (partially) completed.  

Week 2
Extension and base feature is further discussed and decided such that it can be put into user stories. Majority of the user-stories are written but modifications are still being made, it will be finalized next week. The system architecture is also decided, many questions on the requirement existed but eventually confirmed by the tutor (about using external API). Tasks are assigned to each member and I am taking care of system architecture, database and API testing. I have done some research on those areas and completed some part of the diagram. Finhub.io API is also looked into as well as alpha advantage etc. For next week, the proposal will be finished and the sprint planning will be finalized. development sprint will also start next week. 

Week 3
The project proposal has ended with all required components finished. Many discussions were carried out for decisions of architecture, use of technology as well as UI and UX design. Those discussions eventually landed in agreements and the task was complete. Much of the time were consumed by the technical sheer complexity of the proposal and not much due to ambiguity. During submission, the functionality of Microsoft word downscaled some of the images in the proposal and not much could be done about it, however, the images should still be readable. Starting next week, the development sprint will start and much of the time will be spent on coding and researching. Basic functionalities are implemented first, starting with search and authentication functionality. Me particularly, I will be starting with the ER design and implementation of the FASTAPI.

Week 4
After the proposal has finished, the first sprint has started. We have selected a list of tickets starting with authentication and search functionality. During the sprint, obstacles majorly existed in learning the 10 also new packages that best suit our project. Although the learning curve is steep we were able to overcome it and continue with development. Approaching the end of the sprint, many functionalities aren't as polished as we have liked due to time-consuming activities from other courses but the search functionality is at least somewhat functional. Starting from the next sprint more effort can be put into the project as last week is a bit special. Sprint 2 will start as scheduled, to finish unfinished tickets from sprint 1 as well as implement new ones for sprint 2.  

Week 5
After the first demonstration, a major refactoring of the code base is complete with many conventions, functionality and structure fix to make the later development easier. Many features are getting implement such as market, pulling real data using WebSockets and databases. The first sprint retrospective is also completed which we have spent much time considering what can be improved in our workload. Obstacles involved are inherent learning curve involved in the package we have chosen. The codebase required us to learn many never seen packages which would increase the general development time but however were solved very soon. Many of the features are actually on schedule in terms of the development plan, if there exists any adjustment then it perhaps deployment details should be more discussed and considered to avoid confusion. For next week, portfolio, watchlist, trading and authentication features will be majorly implemented and tested ready for production.

Week 6
Continuing the development, the portfolio, watchlist, trading and user-based features have been fully implemented and integrated with both the database and the frontend. Some of the features are properly tested and ready to go into production. Obstacles majorly surround the aspect of communication and synchronization. Many usage, deployment, integration and git errors can be avoided if better communication can be achieved among the team members. However, this is not a big obstacle as the development process seems to be unhindered and as effort in the development increases, the issue is solved. Proper testing framework in the backend has not been set up and needs to be completed for better developmental practice. For the next period, we aim to start on the extension features and possibly approaching a more structured efficient code base to serve better services.

Week 7 
The general framework is modified and development so that unit tests and the pytest environment can be integrated with git hooks. There is still some learning curve with stuff such as pytest fixtures but it was only an issue for a small period of time. Some refactoring on CRUD was also done to make sure further development can go on smoothly. In the end, the pytest framework is set up with git hooks and ready to go. Many of the proposed features are also finished as we approach the end of this sprint.  For the next sprint, unit tests for backend will need to be developed to ensure that the backend is stable for our purpose and that may take a long time. 
 
Week 8
After the testing and refactoring the backend is done, we started writing unit tests for backend on the built pytest framework. Many different sections of the backend requires testing such as CRUD, endpoints and gamify. Those tests will take some time to extensively write therefore the past sprint I have been working on them. CRUD testing is progressing smoothly but the endpoint testing would take a bit as there are a lot of possible edges that need to be tested. The final project report has also started via Latex/overleaf, as development is approaching the end. In the next sprint and till the due date, many of the effort will be put in tests and report writing to ensure all requirements are met. 

Week9
As the development approaches the end, the pytest is being completed as well as some final changes to the code base. However, a lot of work is required on the frontend was required at the end, therefore, a large portion of the last sprint is spent tweaking UX/UI based elements as well as implementing more functional components such as redux, sortable tables etc. Main obstacle is just the learning curve that comes with react as during the short time frame and a lot of concepts needs to be learnt quickly. This, however, is not as big of an issue as those changes are quickly adapted and at the end, we were successful in implementing all the features with the manuals and reports done.