Week 1:
Formed a team for the project and discussed pros and cons of each project.
Settled on Investment Simulator since everyone was interested in it, and we had some cool ideas for implemention/extensions.
Did research on stock trading, and the features that existing applications had.

Week 2:
Began creating wireframes on Figma for base features
Still discussing possible extension features and 'novel' ideas. Ended up deciding on a 'gamification' route.
Held meetings to plan this out. The group will also be giving written daily 'quick' updates.
Continuing to research how the stock market works, and features investors want.
    e.g. pre/after market trading, limit orders, brokerage fees, short selling etc.

Week 3:
Finished wireframes with Justin, 20 in total.
Also worked with Justin to finish all storyboards for the proposal (11 in total).
Reviewed all user stories and acceptance criterias with Ian. Some modifications and clarifications were made regarding limit orders
and after market trading
Work in Ian's garage with team to finalise propasal and submit.
    Issue close to submission: images in word became badly compressed when converting to PDF.
    'Solved' using Adobe converter, and also updating all images to more suitable resolution.
Will be working on setting up an environment and begin implementing features for Sprint 1.

Week 4:
Busy week unfortunately and did not get much done.
Curated a list of 30 ASX stocks for our application
    Attempted to choose stocks that new investors might recognise
    Attempted to have a balance between industry sectors, price points and ETFs

Week 5:
Curated similar lists for 30 NYSE stocks, and 10 LSE stocks with similar industry distributions to the ASX ones.
Spent a lot of time understanding the architecture, including time spent learning fastapi and crud.
First demo was this week. Held meetings to prepare for this and finalise the sprint.
Held retrospective meeting for the first demo and contributed to that report.

Week 6:
Implemented market trading APIs. This is buys, sells, short sells, and covers at current market price
with commission applied to all trades.
Also implemented APIs for the portfolio page including all of the necessary statistics
users expect from a trading app.

Week 7:
Implemented APIs for pending orders and transaction histories.
Worked with Justin to improve efficiency of existing APIs and better integrate with front end
Implemented APIs for limit trading. Buys, sells, short sells, and covers to be executed at a limit price.
Implemented logic to allow for after market hours trading - coverting all transactions to pending orders
to be executed at opening of next trading day.
Also discussed with team options to allow 'backtracing' - the recovery of orders during times
when the server is not running. Ultimately fell through due to limited number of API calls.
    May attempt at the end if there is enough time
    Basic logic would be using opening and closing prices to determine if an order could execute
    Need to solve for server shutdown on the day of an order being placed.

Week 8:
Created 5 tutorials in markdown for Justin to directly implant into the website
Debugged limit order trading - there was an issue with recursive trades that would drain all balance then crash
Did majority of documentation/docstrings for entire backend
Discussed with group during garage session how to modify front end to be more user friendly
    - more information to be displayed while performing trades (side panels etc.)
    - trading moved to stock details page
    - clearer navigation
Worked with group to prepare demonstration + retrospective

Week 9
Finished documentation for backend
Added 2 new tutorials for Leveling up/Experience and Understanding Stock Graphs
    - the former explains how exp works, and the various unlocks at each level
    - the latter explains how to interpret the various graphs we provide traders
Performed alpha testing on our application
    Found multiple bugs and UX issues across the code base and worked with group members to fix these
    Includes redesigning the portfolio statistics and dashboard cards being displayed
Divided roles for the final demonstration, and allocated these to each member
    Also listed key points for the demonstration and rough time allocations
Completed all User Manuals for the final submission using Figma
Proofread final report